Once upon a time,
there was a duel between Arjuna and Karna.
Events and outcomes in life are shaped
by the choices and decisions we make.
I was born to a wayang puppeteer.
Since birth, my destiny has been decided.
My ancestor came from the past
to determine my fate.
Name your son
I Made Budiawan.
Because he is
the seventh heir.
Inherited the skill of being
a wayang puppeteer from our ancestors.
And teach him the craft
of being a puppeteer.
They also have chosen who
I'm going to marry in the future.
Her name is Putu.
The daughter of a respected elder
in our village.
But one day, this girl came to my village.
Her name is Niluh.
She has Balinese and Japanese ancestry.
Hello.
- Made.
- Niluh.
Niluh is a unique person.
She doesn't like to be controlled.
She's a free spirit, like the starling,
her favorite bird
that she named Mukudori-chan.
- Thank you, Mukudori-chan.
- Niluh, don't!
Goodbye, Mukudori-chan!
- See you tomorrow!
- See you!
Sorry for keeping you waiting!
Order's up!
For the guests at Table 12!
Kids, don't run around.
Be careful!
Niluh taught me new stuff,
such as bothering her dad
in his sushi restaurant.
Or dressing up in cosplay
where she would be the heroine,
and I would be the villain
who's afraid of heights.
Come on, scaredy-cat. Jump down here!
But it's too high.
Scaredy-cat.
- Jump down here!
- It's too high!
Come on, jump down here!
Oh, and by the way,
she sewed the blue robe herself.
I'm stuck.
No idea what to write for
the Japanese-influenced music.
Need some Japanese music for reference?
I have some Japanese records.
- You can borrow them.
- Are you sure?
- Can I?
- Of course.
Two-thirds of my life were spent with her.
- She knew everything about me.
- See you tomorrow?
See you tomorrow!
Including my fear of riding in vehicles
because of this damn minibus.
Kadek.
That's why I now have to take
motion sickness medicine
wherever I go so I can
sleep through the entire trip.
Tie him up.
And Niluh is the only one
with the patience
to take me everywhere.
Hurry up!
Turn right!
Even Kadek and Wayan,
my so-called "best friends,"
wouldn't let me ride with them.
Did he take his motion sickness pill?
I don't know.
I think Niluh gave him one.
It's good he trusts her to bring him.
Or he'd be walking everywhere.
That's how close I am with Niluh.
So it's only natural for me
to be afraid of losing her.
It's been a few days
Into the journey
Now he will.
Do you want to try?
- Yes, Dad.
- Here you go.
It's been a few days into the journey
I want to talk to you.
Your grandmother's health
is declining fast.
The doctor gave her
one year.
Your father wants us to
move to Japan temporarily.
Must I go with you?
Don't you want to be there
for your grandmother
in her remaining time?
Help me take care of your grandmother.
Your father is the only child she has.
We are the only family she has.
But I'm waiting for the acceptance letter
from Dewata University.
You can study in Japan.
There are many good universities in Tokyo.
Let's do this.
If Dewata University
approves your scholarship,
we can have another conversation.
But for the time being, we have to
make preparations to move to Japan.
I know the timing is bad,
but the sooner the better.
It's gonna be okay.
Luh?
Niluh?
Niluh!
Luh?
Hey, what's wrong?
My parents and I are moving to Japan.
My grandmother is gravely ill.
What?
But this is your hometown.
That's my hometown too.
What about me?
You are…
You're gonna be okay.
I mean, what about us?
There is no "us."
How can you say that?
But it's true.
I thought we were friends.
That doesn't mean
we can't still be friends.
But it's not definitive.
If Dewata University accepts
my application, I'll study here.
But what if you're not accepted?
I can't imagine…
looking at your house…
And not seeing you in the window.
May you be blessed, ma'am.
May you be blessed too.
How are you?
We're fine, thank you.
Here's a little gift from Semarang.
- Thank you.
- Welcome.
Thank you.
- May you be blessed.
- May you be blessed too.
- You've become more beautiful.
- You're just saying that.
- Please, come in.
- Let's go inside.
Made, I heard you like making music.
- Yes, I do.
- Is it done?
Wanna to listen to it?
Do you still make content
for your social media?
Yeah. Actually, I just got a new gig.
Creating a promo video and product photos.
Great. How about we go to my studio?
- Okay.
- Let's go.
What do you think?
Do you like it?
Maybe you can use it for the music score
in your content.
But it's too grand for my liking.
Can you make it more Japanese-style?
I thought the same thing too.
I'll send you the song when it's ready.
Can you come to the set
when we start filming?
Of course, I'll be there.
I won't let you be alone during filming.
Thank you.
Hey, Shiro!
Hey!
You startled me!
Luh, you don't have
any plans tomorrow, right?
I don't? Sotoy!
What? That's delicious. I love it!
- You love what?
- Sotoy!
Chicken so toy, Goat so toy.
Especially the spicy one.
You're silly!
I'm serious.
You should skip school
and go to the Kite Festival with me.
To watch or to participate?
To participate, of course.
Who else is coming
and how will we get there?
The usual.
You, me, Kadek, Wayan.
I'll ride the bike.
You can go with Kadek and Wayan.
Okay, it's a deal.
I'm going back to Jakarta
Want anything, babe?
Putu is going to Jakarta.
She asked if I want something.
Any ideas?
How should I know? How about the Monas?
I'm not joking.
She's going for a costume fitting.
It's for the promo video.
Cool, huh?
Beats me. Can you just leave?
Go home.
What did I do?
I'm sleepy!
Made!
Luh!
Yes!
Niluh!
- Careful.
- Yes.
Don't forget the thread.
- Here.
- Great.
- Hey.
- Niluh!
It's already secured.
Guys, I'm riding along with Made.
Later.
- I envy him.
- Me too.
No, you're not.
Let's go.
You're not going with them?
It's better with the bike.
Okay.
How is your music going?
I don't know.
Still blank.
Here.
I've been looking for this.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
I went to your house last night.
I wanted to give it to you.
Look at those.
It's called a Jangan kite.
I think that one's a winner.
The one on the left?
I like the white
and red stripes over there.
- May you be blessed.
- May you be blessed too.
If you want to fly your kite, we provide
a less crowded site right there.
If you don't mind.
- Okay.
- Thank you, sir.
Kadek, you stay here
and hold the kite with him.
I'll go help Niluh with the thread.
- How about the other way around?
- No, it's okay.
I really don't mind.
That is exactly why you need to act fast.
Let's count to three
and pull the thread together, okay?
One, two, three!
We did it!
- It's good, right?
- Yeah, I like it.
Look, I think
Niluh's bike has a flat tire.
Really?
It does.
We'll carry it on our wagon.
Watch out for the wing.
Hi!
I can't believe you're here too.
Are you here alone?
- Hello, Putu!
No, with Kadek and Wayan too.
Let's hang out.
No, it's okay.
Are you sure?
- Yeah, you can go.
- Don't worry.
Shall we leave now?
- How about Made?
- Don't ask me.
- Are you gonna be okay?
- Of course.
Let's go.
There's a new café nearby.
Why aren't we moving? I need a bath.
- Can I have an autograph?
- Are you both dating?
Is he your boyfriend?
Thank you.
I'm sorry if they made you uncomfortable.
I don't mind.
I know who you are.
Delicious?
Can you go with me
to a product launch event tomorrow?
Can you?
Miss Putu, can I post the video?
Who knows, maybe it'll go viral.
Sure.
Well, are you free tomorrow?
Of course I'll go with you tomorrow.
I want to be in a feature.
Future?
The movie.
Do you mean, "feature"?
What do you think I said?
Are you going to stay in Jakarta?
Yes.
You should study in Jakarta too.
Can you?
It's not even five minutes,
I already got tons of likes.
- Really?
- Look!
- See?
- It went viral!
De.
What are you thinking about?
If I stay in Jakarta,
my dad would do wayang shows alone.
Doesn't he want his son
to have a brighter future?
Do you think
my future is brighter in Jakarta?
I mean, so what
if you want to study other things?
Do you want to be stuck as a puppeteer?
You have lots of talents.
You don't want to be controlled.
My dad is also too traditional.
To this day, his only activity
is making leather puppets.
That doesn't mean I have to
follow his path as a puppet maker.
You'll have a brighter future
if you come with me to Jakarta.
Okay?
CAUGHT SPOON-FEEDING EACH OTHER
AHHHH SO CUTE!
I WANT TO BE SPOON-FED TOO
AS IF NOBODY WAS AROUND
Hey, Shiro.
Who is this from?
The chocolate is for you.
But it's bitter.
Why is that?
Because you took
all the sweetness from it.
Thanks.
I want to apologize
for ditching you guys earlier.
We went there together, but I left you.
Don't worry.
She's your future wife.
She's your priority.
Aren't you tired of living here?
Bali is a beautiful place.
No, I love it here.
Are you?
Sometimes.
And where do you want to go?
Putu asked me to move to Jakarta with her.
She wants to be in a movie.
She owns a house.
She said if we live together,
we can pursue our careers together.
What career do you have in mind?
As an influencer?
Or a TikToker?
Do you want to create random content?
Are you mocking me?
Why are you so salty?
That's gross!
You started it!
What are you doing here anyway?
Do you want to talk about Putu?
Go tell Kadek or Wayan.
I don't have time for that.
I just want to chat with you.
I thought you cared about me.
Pick another topic.
Stop talking about Putu.
Fine, I'll go.
Why are you mad at me?
Trying to start drama with me?
I'm not mad at you at all.
But you are.
That's silly.
- You're talking nonsense.
- What?
You're mad at me
and you're the drama queen.
Let's go home, Shiro!
Hi, guys.
Today, I'm gonna show you
some viral lipstick and skincare tips.
The new 8 Shades collection.
Now, let me show you how to combine...
Cut!
Can you handle that, please?
Why didn't you tell me before?
Hey, De.
You're here early.
Can you wait?
It'll only take 30 minutes max.
Okay, I'll wait inside.
Of course, Bli.
I feel like doing a photo shoot.
Made.
Wake up.
- What?
- Wake up.
We have to go.
I need to change first.
Sis, can you get me the shirt
for tomorrow's product launch?
Yes, Putu.
I hope you don't mind
wearing a promo shirt.
It's cool, and the color
suits you perfectly.
Okay.
My look is still on point.
By the way,
did you like the chocolate I gave you?
I gave it to Niluh.
But why did you do that?
Well…
Because I felt guilty.
I ditched them for you.
Just don't give her false hope.
She likes you.
What?
Really?
You don't realize?
Oh, boy.
- Does she, though?
- Here you go.
Here, put this on.
- This shirt?
- Yeah!
Hurry up.
- I look terrible, right?
- No, you look nice.
Are you sure? It's too vibrant.
You look handsome in it.
Let's not ride our bikes tonight.
You can park your bike here.
We'll take a car tonight.
- Shall we?
- Hang on.
What's wrong?
I haven't taken my sleeping pill.
Why don't you try not taking it
just this once?
I'll make you feel better.
This is gonna be a disaster.
Shall we?
You have to fight your fears.
Don't let them run wild.
Let's go.
Come on.
We're ready.
Drive slowly.
I'm gonna throw up.
Are you okay?
No, hold it down.
Don't throw up now.
Can you pull over, sir?
Are you okay?
Do I look like I'm okay?
Made.
Poor thing.
Hello?
I'll be right there.
- It's okay. It's only motion sickness.
- I have to go. I'll call you.
Really, guys.
I really am fine.
This is not an uncommon incident
when I'm with Putu.
Made, what's wrong?
I'm okay.
Sit down.
I'm just a bit dizzy.
Easy, easy.
Come on. Sit down.
Where were you?
Well…
I was with Putu.
She asked me to go with her
to a product launch.
She forced you to go with her in a car?
She knows you can't.
And when you finally threw up,
she just left you?
Is that what happened?
My gosh.
It's okay.
I'm fine now.
Your shirt is blinding me.
I didn't have a choice.
She made me wear it.
By the way…
Can I ask you something?
Go ahead, ask me.
Putu told me...
Can we not talk about her for once?
She doesn't care about you.
Don't you realize that?
Let's go, girls.
From the top.
Down.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight…
five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
Which university do you want to go to?
Dewata University, I think.
You too, right?
Are you copying me?
That's the only place
that offers a puppeteering course.
Then I'll skip university.
University requires a thesis to graduate.
But all I really need
is a wedding reception.
Are you kidding me?
Who taught you to talk like that?
You're making me blush.
Hey!
Look at me.
I think Niluh has feelings for me.
Say something, guys. Aren't you surprised?
Or maybe you already knew?
Knew about what?
Niluh likes me.
- You just realized that?
- Where have you been?
Why didn't you tell me?
Because we thought you knew.
- What should I do?
- What do you want to do?
Should I ask her?
Then go for it.
You're not a stranger to her.
Or if you feel it's gonna be awkward,
then mention it playfully.
- Good idea.
- I'll show you.
Pretend you're Niluh.
- Luh.
- Yeah?
Do you know the difference
between 12:00 p.m. and you?
What?
12:00 p.m. is known as noon,
and I'd like to call you my moon!
Stop joking around.
If you think you don't love her,
then just shut up about it.
But if you do,
I can show you how to do it.
Show it to him.
Watch.
Is it hot tonight?
I need a fan.
For what?
If you want to be my fan,
let's make a plan.
Can you stop joking around?
Lighten up, man.
Chill out, man.
I have an idea. I'm not kidding this time.
- Be Niluh.
- Be Niluh again.
Luh…
I want you to think it over.
I want you to reflect on it.
You are my star
You're the only one I love
I want you to…
I'm going to bed.
He's mad.
Why so serious?
I want you to think it over
I want you to reflect on it
You are my star
You're the only one I love
Seriously, quit it.
Hand me that.
So everybody knew she has feelings for me.
Don't tell me
you already knew it too, Shiro.
What should I do, Shiro?
May you be blessed.
May you be blessed too.
Here, for you.
- What's this?
- A cake for you.
Thank you.
What are your plans today? Did you eat?
I did. I was going to bathe Shiro.
Can you hold the leash?
- Let me put this inside.
- Okay.
Do you want a bath, Shiro?
The water is cold.
It's refreshing for him.
Of course.
Your T-shirt is wet.
It's okay.
Let me get you a dry one.
I'm fine, really.
I don't want you to get sick.
I'll be right back.
Here you go.
Hello.
Where are you?
Okay. You're already there?
I'll be right there.
- Niluh!
- Keiko!
How are you?
Praise the Lord, I'm fine.
- And you?
- I'm fine too.
This is Genzo.
Hello, I'm Niluh.
Hi, I'm Genzo.
Welcome to Bali.
Thank you.
Let's go inside.
Bye!
Do you have a boyfriend?
In the midst of
my already complicated life,
two more people came along
who would later worsen my headache.
- Uncle.
- Keiko?
Yes. Uncle!
Keiko!
Her name is Keiko.
How are you?
She's Niluh's cousin.
They say she'd help her uncle
and his family moving back to Japan.
It was great.
The problem is not with Keiko.
- Auntie Padma!
- The problem is with…
- You look so pretty!
- You're just saying that.
…this man.
His name is Genzo.
I'm teaching
the Indonesian language in Tokyo.
That's wonderful!
Incredible! You teach Indonesian
as a side job?
What's your real job?
I work as a voice actor in anime.
Anime?
Like in Gundam? Or Naruto?
Yes, like those anime.
Incredible!
Boyfriend?
Sir, ma'am…
Hello. My name is Genzo.
Nice to meet you.
Genzo is the manager at my office.
Manager?
Mr. Manager, please guide her in her work.
Yes, sir.
- Does he speak Indonesian?
- He does.
He often visits Indonesia on vacation.
It's a hot country, right?
- Let's drink tea, okay?
- Thank you.
Genzo, put your suitcase inside.
You must be exhausted.
Luh, I want to explore the city.
Don't you need a rest?
How many times
have you vacationed in Indonesia?
- Two times.
- I see.
- Do you like it?
- I like it.
It's beautiful, right?
- We don't have that back home.
- In Japan.
- You don't?
- No.
Niluh!
Genzo.
Where are you going?
I'm going to teach dancing.
- Keiko?
- She's already asleep.
Why don't you wear the uniform?
- We didn't know the ceremony is today.
- Wasn't it tomorrow?
- Why didn't you tell us?
- I forgot too.
But you're wearing white.
- It's cream.
- You did it on purpose.
Even if we're different,
as long as the music's in sync,
that's what matters.
Guys, this is Genzo.
He's a friend of my cousin.
He just came from Japan.
Hello, I'm Genzo.
A good-looking guy.
Excuse us.
Genzo-san, you can sit here. Sit here.
- Sure?
- Yeah.
Thank you.
What did I tell you? The problem.
Genzo.
Made.
Keep staring at her.
While Niluh is occupied with Genzo,
I'm occupied with Putu.
Was it exciting?
It was.
Which part do you like most?
Every minute of it.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Do you like the part where I flew?
That's the best part.
How about the part
where I throw Jovan into the sea?
Especially that one!
That's the most funny part, I love it!
We didn't do either of those scenes.
Really?
Were you bored
waiting for me to finish work?
Made, can I ask you something?
Sure.
I want to know how you feel
about our marriage arrangement.
Hey, Made.
Where are you coming from?
From the beach.
We're on our way to grab dinner.
Do you want to come?
Sounds great.
Sure!
Hi.
Hello.
- Please sit down.
- Hi.
Did you wait long?
- Kind of.
- Just a little.
Keiko, what do you do in Japan?
My job is called "seiyu."
What's that?
I'm a voice actor in anime.
Do you like anime?
I love it.
Can you show me how you do "seiyu"?
Of course, but…
Niluh-chan must help me.
No way! I don't want to.
I agree!
Come on, Niluh.
Niluh!
Okay.
Why are you here?
- We've been looking for you.
- Where have you been?
I refuse to go against my principles!
This is the way of the ninja!
- That's Japanese.
- Right.
Anyone who breaks the rules
in the ninja world
is trash!
Trash!
Your turn.
But someone who betrays their friends
is worse than trash!
Made, do you wanna try it too?
- Come on.
- Do it, Made!
Made!
Let's go.
Let's do it in Indonesian.
Okay.
I love ramen noodles!
Wonderful.
Made, in Japan, they would definitely
love to watch wayang puppetry.
- Very good.
My manager.
- I think he's considering a career switch.
- Really?
He doesn't want to be
a puppeteer anymore. Am I right?
It's okay. We can
discuss it again in Jakarta.
- You're set on moving to Jakarta?
- Of course.
I have a career in Jakarta.
It doesn't make sense for him
to stay here when I'm in Jakarta.
I wish Putu had never told me
about Niluh's feelings for me.
I wouldn't be so conflicted.
I wish her feelings for me
had remained hidden.
She could've gone back
to Japan without a worry.
And I could move on with my life.
ACCEPTED
Like nothing had happened between us.
Because there is nothing
going on between us.
I wish she had no feelings for me,
and that I felt the same.
I got rejected by Dewata University
Please tell me I don't
have feelings for her too.
Or maybe everybody
already knew how I felt about her.
Everybody, including Shiro.
Maybe I was the last one to know.
And how do you express your feelings
for someone who knows you inside out,
including your tendency to throw up?
What if, right after I told her
that I love her, she threw up?
So I decided to tell her
in a more indirect way.
A way that I know.
Using wayang puppetry.
Hey, Made, what's up?
Do you need anything?
I want to surprise someone.
How can I help?
Could you please translate this
into Japanese before Niluh leaves?
May you be blessed.
May you be blessed too.
Can you make some leather puppets for me?
Do you have the drawings?
Yes, I have the drawings.
And like so many times
in my life, I lied again.
- Why in a Japanese style?
- I want it to be unique.
One day, my lies will eventually
catch up with me like karma.
But for now, let me lie.
Mom! I'm going.
Where are you going?
Made!
Where is he going?
I don't know. He seems very busy.
- And he's been acting strangely too.
- Is he going out with Niluh?
I wrote the storyline.
I also wrote the music.
Once upon a time…
Now I have to memorize the narration.
Not "musashi," it's "mukashi."
And it seems like this will be
the most tangled love confession.
As tangled as my tongue.
Musashi was the name
of a Japanese samurai.
A samurai.
Rama and Sinta met…
When they were little…
When they were…
Still little…
Children…
Not "komodo."
Not "komodo." It's "kodomo."
Not "komodo." "Kodomo."
Hey, get me a bottle of sake!
They're beautiful!
Putu came here the other day.
She said she saw you
going into my workshop.
She asked me what you were doing here.
But I didn't tell her you were here
to commission leather puppets.
Great. Thank you, sir!
- I'll go now, sir.
- Sure.
Made.
Are you from Nuarta's workshop?
- There she is.
- Did you order puppets?
- Who are they for?
- It seems like karma
is finally catching up to me.
It's for a souvenir.
Why didn't you ask my father to make them?
I need them fast.
I don't want to rush your dad.
I see. Okay.
I'll see you later.
- I'm having a photo session.
- Okay.
I know who you're planning
to gift that to.
Bye. Take care.
CONSULATE GENERAL OF JAPAN
Thank you.
Gosh, our visa applications
are finally approved!
Yeah.
I promised her.
Ichika-chan.
Yes, Dad?
Yesterday, Made came to see us
and he talked to us.
He has something for you.
SHINTA GOES TO JAPAN
He just wants to say goodbye to her.
That kid means nothing to me.
I just don't want our baby
to get hurt even more.
I know what you've been busy with lately.
What show are you planning for Niluh?
It's just a little farewell party.
It was supposed to be a secret too.
Does Putu know about your plan?
No, Mom.
Are you considering
Putu's feelings at all?
I don't agree with it.
Don't carry on with it.
- Mom, it's just a gift to a friend.
- Just a friend?
Are you sure?
Trust me, if you go forward with this,
it will ruin your karma with Putu.
Your betrothal has been planned
for a long time.
It involves two large families.
It involves our respect
as wayang puppeteers.
Why are you being so reckless now?
It's just a small show, Dad.
Sang Hyang Widi knows the truth
behind every word we speak.
Your mother and I, as your parents,
we have already warned you.
But if you insist on doing it…
I will leave the decision to the universe.
First of all, we apologize.
The reason we came here is…
Forgive me.
Sir. Ma'am.
I just want to express my true feelings.
I also want to apologize
if I haven't been truthful with Putu.
I tried so hard to love you.
But love never reached my heart.
What do you mean, De?
Forgive me, ma'am.
I am here to ask for your permission…
To withdraw from this betrothal.
Do you understand…
That the betrothal is a sacred thing?
And it cannot be undone by anyone's will?
Now…
What do you think, Mr. Ketut?
Sorry for not being able to honor
this betrothal commitment.
Because it turns out,
when it comes to the feeling of love
and finding your match,
it's not up to us to decide.
These are beyond our control.
Only Hyang Widi can make that decision.
What are your thoughts, Putu?
I have no choice, Mom.
If this betrothal is cancelled,
he'll be the one who's going to regret it.
Let him face his karma.
The closer it gets to her leaving,
the more everything sinks in.
And it increasingly feels like a dream.
But I won't back down.
Whatever will be, will be.
Niluh, I planned this show
because you're leaving.
Consider this as a parting gift
and a goodbye.
To you.
This place is better than I thought.
Are these the wayang puppets you ordered?
I don't want to spoil your show.
But I just want to see
what caused the breakup of our engagement.
In the kingdom of Kosala…
King Dasaratha and Queen Kausalya
had a firstborn son named Sang Rama.
He was an incarnation of the god Vishnu.
In the kingdom of Mantili,
King Janaka had a daughter
named Dewi Sinta.
Rama and Sinta were a divine couple.
The incarnation of the god Vishnu
and the goddess Widowati.
Once upon a time…
Rama and Sinta met.
When they were little,
they fell in love with each other.
But never realized it
until they were teenagers.
One day, Sinta was
kidnapped by Rahwana.
And he took her to a land
where her little starling companion
couldn't go.
Rama didn't know
if he'd ever meet Sinta again.
But this was
his declaration of love to Sinta.
By letting her fly away
like she did to the starling.
In a hope, wherever Sinta went,
wherever she stayed,
her heart would remain here forever.
The kingdom of Alengka is destroyed.
The ruins lay beneath Rama's feet.
Rahwana was defeated,
with an arrow stuck in his chest.
Rama and Sinta together again,
standing in a beam of light.
Finally, Rama and Sinta
returned to the realm of Nirvana.
So whatever will be, will be.
Niluh!
Why are you in such a hurry?
Come on, I'll give you a ride.
Thanks, I can get home on my own.
You can go home with Keiko.
You're still here?
So what?
What are you doing here?
I don't understand Japanese.
But I understand Made's body language.
I could choose any man to be my boyfriend.
But I value my commitment
to my parents more.
Now I understand…
Why he couldn't keep the same commitment.
Because he's loved you all along.
Both of you have passed the friend zone.
And disrespected
the commitment of our parents.
So now,
I'm excited that you're finally leaving.
Because all this time…
You've only been an obstacle
in my relationship with Made.
Go after her.
This is your last chance.
Your final moments.
Go after her.
Made.
Think again.
About everything you've fought for
by following your heart.
Me.
Our future.
Our dreams.
Are you sure you want
to cancel our betrothal…
That we've built together?
Do you want to leave me for her?
Forgive me.
I haven't been honest
with my feelings all this time.
I tried to fall in love with you.
But the truth is, my heart said otherwise.
I tried to follow your dream.
But going to Jakarta is not my dream.
So what now?
Pursue your dreams.
And I'll pursue mine.
- Dad, where's Mom?
- She's already in the car.
Our stuff has also been
taken by the delivery truck.
Let's go.
Kadek! Wayan!
Let's catch up with Niluh.
Didn't you meet her?
Her taxi just left.
Why didn't you tell me?
How should we know?
All right, let's go to the airport now.
Come on.
How are you going to get there?
On your bike? Can you catch up to her?
No. On this wagon.
Are you sure?
- You won't feel nauseous?
- No. I can manage.
Step on it!
Hopefully, there won't be
any obstacles whatsoever.
My father always said,
every person is born with their karma.
Every event in our lives is connected
by choices and decisions we make.
I can't take it anymore.
You'll ruin your clothes…
Up to this point,
everything has been decided for me.
But this time, I choose my own path.
I have to see
where this road will take me.
We're more than just friends.
Because my feelings for you
go far beyond that.
And I've been lying to myself
because I know you're betrothed to Putu.
We share the same feelings.
I haven't been honest
with my feelings all this time…
Because I was afraid.
I was afraid of losing you.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, Mom.
Niluh, pull over!
Made.
Did you just ride in that wagon?
I'm doing this for you.
How could you leave
without saying goodbye?
And why did you leave this?
- Do you really want to forget me?
- What more do you want?
Isn't it enough
that your girlfriend embarrassed me?
We were betrothed.
But Putu is not my girlfriend.
And I love you.
Do you remember when you freed
the starling from its cage?
I've just realized that
I've locked away
my feelings for you all this time.
Just like that starling.
But now, they're flying free.
And one day, they will fly there.
To catch up with you.
Niluh!
Farewell, Mukudori-chan!
Our paths finally parted.
I don't know
if it's for a while or forever.
But one day, I will walk this path again.
The same road.
So I can see where it leads.
- Good morning, Ichika.
- Good morning.
You may start.
Yes, I understand.
Okay!